Sunday morning dark clouds Rising oh there's no
sunshine anywhere strong winds blowing
give us wisdom to grasp the message
in the air oh if I could have one wish and know
that it would come true God would give us strength to know just
what to do then we could tear down
this is [Music]
welcome back to Lady Babylon satanic initiation
season six tonight I've got to take you to a place
place that no one else has taken you before [Music]
I've gotta show you some things that are difficult
we're gonna be pulling them right out in front of you
yeah yeah tonight what we're going to do is we're
going to go to that Grotto I'm gonna take you guys to a place and
show you some things I need you to be professional
I need you to be courteous
and I need you to be ready to get rocked
[Music]
foreign pirate
I'm gonna take you to a place to show you the laces
ah I hear that Yoda in there guys love it love it okay before we do
as per usual let's appreciate productivity
of the Muse and answer the question who are we
[Music]
foreign
foreign [Music]
so tonight as we Embark we're going to hit that road I'm going to pull up a
couple of texts here for you I have said this before in a previous episode
that Jesus was calling himself a lace Stace he's saying I am not
a lace this and for centuries we have translated this
[Laughter] as a robber or a thief or a thief
tonight you're going to find Jesus wasn't crucified with thieves
he was the last days crucified among child traffickers
let's go to that first text um where am I going to bring this to you
no theories guys right we all got patted down at the door right we can't have any
theories devil doesn't put up with that right this is straight up tax
bring us up to that first text um this is just a warm-up but in order
to get us to that place in order to bring you in
I'm gonna have to bring you opus Opus Opus is what apus was a very good
mantis he was a prophet and what did he do he didn't put the girls
on the tripods no by God he didn't do that he had the he
he didn't take those holy potions apples didn't
he didn't take those holy potions his his group was the one that had the
kids running around had the kids running around and what are the kids doing take
it down they are dancing they are dancing but not just dancing any anyway
you know the Greeks were quite clever
um it's the word for dancing as if you were
a Randy goat children dances
yeah where have you come where did we we stepped out of the space time ship
tonight and we didn't even realize how far we had gone Captain's Log
yeah so here we are here we are
um Thrace I'm taking you to Thrace everybody put on yours put on your right
gear right this is Thrace we're talking about I'm gonna take you to some women they may scare you
I'm gonna take you anyway I'm gonna take you to some tattoo oh let's go let's go
hit it hit us with the hit us with the first text after office chewy star chart there we go okay this
is Herodotus this is heronitus and what do we have here you know I'll just translate it quickly there's a custom
among the this other group of Thracians and what do they do they sell children
in the export business they sell children in the export
business any of you watching
who are asking questions about the child trafficking
this is not me talking this is the text
so what do these serrations do they sell children yeah into the market and
um what else do they do they don't guard the virginity of their girls they let them pick
whoever they want and sleep with whoever they want that's what it says that's what it says
now they do buy Brides for great price he says you know I can
go up so they do you know because they're traffickers they're traffickers
thracian traffickers wait before you give up and leave the party okay and
those of you who are waiting for Jesus and his naked boy just wait just wait it
will make sense it will make sense we have you we have your back fantastic so
what else can uh Herodotus tell us here about this tribe what are they doing
um they have tattoos and they think it is it is uh
oh I hate to use this word it's high Born
High born the eugenics oh
goodness it's just right there um so they think the tattoos are for
Highborn people and those who don't have those who aren't Highborn they don't
um wear the marks right fantastic are you getting along in the party so far
welcome welcome Fantastic look at this word stigma stigma this is the tattoo
right right look at it number two it's also the mark on the skin of the
Dragon it's the Mark it's the mark on the skin of the Dragon
yeah it's the market Mark of the Dragon yes um go to the next one please chew it
yep that one go back to that one there's still some good info on this let's squeeze let's squeeze around at this so
and what else they think that um working the ground is for morons
um so they make their living if you look at that last line they make their living from war and Lace to us
and from being elastis
so what is their occupation what is their occupation
they go around plundering
yes yes Babylonian hordes
filled with ranks rank after rank of these Horsemen
these Horsemen ambakum do you remember guys ambakum the
prophet I think you say it's you mispronounce it it's something like ebb habakkuk or
something but it's ambakum and what did ambakum say we're going to
see ambakum in just a minute just sit down sit down we'll get to him bring up the next one
that was Herodotus every round of applause for eroticus now you want to
argue with some sources argue with some sources but where we are is we're in the
middle of that camp and I still got to take you the grotto I promise just something
great on this date I'm gonna take you to the grotto
I know I know people say if he
says he's gonna take you the grotto it doesn't mean what you think it does
yeah yeah this great is gorgeous this Greek is absolutely gorgeous okay bring
it up bring it up I promise these people action tonight where's the take the
banner down and bring that up perfect thank you Chewie um this is Play-Doh I like to kick in a
little Play-Doh every once in a while but he says look it cut me a break right and tell me how this works with
these groups of people the soldiers the lay Stace and the kleptos
oh wait a minute the claptonos who were they that's the word for thief
so when the Christians try to translate into English
this word is Thief they don't know because they don't read
these texts right who which one can you tell me which one of your pastors has
ever read Plato okay now I'm not a big Plato fan right and that's unusual
that's unusual for somebody with a Classics background but I have uh I can't stand play though
yeah yeah but anywho um let's not bash play though he had a
muse so you know let's let's honor him that way um but uh what what you're seeing now
from Herodotus yeah um is the source of this
thing called the lace days and they're different from thieves right some people
the Christians wanted to translate this so bad as Thief they did they they tried
Thief robber and conspirator conspirator
this is not this is not a conspiracy
yeah these are cultures this is a group of Thracians who do this right
remember the story we had a long time ago in the beginning about the thracian pirate
who captured that beautiful young boy he put that young boy to sleep and when the
boy woke up he was a new creation
that pirate cut off his testicles
because some eunuchs choose
and some don't yeah
there's a reason the bandage was on the private parts of the naked boy that was
with Jesus when he was arrested there's a reason Mark tells you I'm bringing it
up I'm bringing it up it's coming up in just a minute let me not keep let me know go ahead get
hit me with the mark now just jump ahead pull up Mark yep thank you Chewie
go for it blow that up here he is there's our naniscus right with that
diminutive for little boy right because they do it before puberty
you didn't know Jesus was involved with castrating boys did you nor did you know
that John the Baptist was involved with uh certain rights
yeah Baptist rights drugs
this is fantastic we're gonna we're gonna see the drugs and everything but here we've got the boy right and what is
he doing he's wrapped where's he raps do you see the phrase epi gumnu
foreign
honest privates
now wouldn't that aforementioned boy ran remember this is before Jesus says huh
I'm not a lace Dace would you come out with all the big guns for
right it's before that okay let's let's go go to the back of the top we'll get
back there we're gonna take a roundabout Cruise tonight thanks guys for doing it
let's just throw that up there this is from Alice everybody take a look at Alice's definition of the lay Stace ride
right especially by sea buccaneer call them Buccaneer right okay later
Pirates right okay good good good irregular troops right kind of
mercenaries like we would call him right oh wow they're using them tyrants and
stuff fantastic fantastic um when you're a thracian
you can get funneled in to a type of living based upon what you're you know what your ethnicity is because by the
definition of your ethnicity foreign
right yeah but you make great lace this
yeah yeah let's see him keep bringing them keep bringing them does anybody see
next next passage yeah so here it is I'm just gonna throw it all over the Bible I
think this is what Matthew one of Matthew's version um because it's in every gospel the
pirate is in every gospel right he's hanging between two Pirates one on his
left and one on his right this is Mark 14 48. bring it up yeah and Jesus
answered them and he said yeah why'd you come on against me like I'm a pirate with with weapons that are
military-grade weapons right that's a military sword that's meant to
do not either run you through or chop your head off one of the two well let's do it disembowelment the Romans rent to
disembowelment that's how they get you right close um and then the Soul on that's a you
know something to smash your brains out with right it's uh it's somewhere
between a taser and a bullet yeah yeah
um definitely lethal Force he's like why'd you bring out this all out against me because you can see the pirate the
lay station Antiquity was part of an association I'm part of a corrupt criminal
organization based upon different cultures
that had been doing that had been making this living for centuries
this is Bronze Age stuff people how long do you think humans have been cutting off other humans testicles
right we're about to meet you know the women that are involved in this right the echidnas the Echidna
right um these people are on drugs these
people are on drugs fantastic so any anywho Jesus is there
with his boy right saying I'm not a lace this let's go to the next Greek um look at this people when the kid fled
this is funny most people don't see this um when the kid fled he left that linen
wrap or bandage Riot that was covering his nakedness he
he cut a leap on it what is Catholic born I just want you to
see I just want you to see the kind of comedy of this go ahead I think that's
it it was it should be right on that yeah no no no that's not no do we miss
it it's the one it's this real short definition real short real short chewy
they're honest you let's get out there no no that's not it it's a just a short
few words we'll find it it's okay there you go perfect I knew she'd pull it out
nice to forsake abandon
or leave in the Lurch when that kid that was assigned to Jesus because that's
what the Greece says it says like a slave right when you when you give someone over as a slave that's what it
says about that naked boy he was that to Jesus right so anywho he's got this
bandage on his private parts all right this is right before Jesus is
yelling I'm not a lace this right you have to please people understand Jesus
Christ is standing in a public park at 4 00 am
with a naked boy raising his hands saying I'm not
elastase oh you know they are concerned with robbers
that's a cleft face this is a lace days so Jesus is in a criminal organization
one would thank if he is screaming out I'm not one of them
okay either that either that there's only one other explanation
it looks like he's a lay Stace
the cops who are the Roman soldiers are going to pin it on something right when
you are sitting there under lockdown in a jail
you are there in the Roman system under a charge
fantastic the guy that they let out to Pardon to
so Jesus can get crucified the crowd because at this point the crowd he's
just been arrested at public park with a naked kid and he's yelling out I'm not a
child trafficker I'm not a child trafficker right I'm not a child trafficker
and now the crowd is yelling out we have the Greek here but the crowd is yelling
out now don't give us some other person we want
him we want him to get crucified there was a vehemence in the crowd now
the Christians will tell you it's because the devil was there whipping up everybody
but we don't have you know we don't have the time or the extra
dimensional resources to go into the physics we just want to see the history we just
want to open up that little bit of History so we can see it I'm let's press on press on I'm going to give you some
fun exciting stuff thank you for spinning your Friday or evening with me
by the way it's generous of everybody yeah yeah so at this time you know Jesus said to The Crowd Oh you come after me
right now it wrote this one this is Matthew or John okay Matthew okay
um I this one's [__] kind of funny it strikes me as funny because he's
actually talking to an awklos right which is like an unruly mob
unruly mob right um but this unruly mob is just imagine
it's not like people from all walks of society it's full of Roman soldiers
officers of the temple and elders right yeah okay okay
it's a raid it's a raid
Jesus and he gets thrown in and crucified between
two child traffickers isn't that funny
these aren't robbers these aren't robbers
well these aren't robbers at all wow
right so now that naked kid seems really relevant to the whole
equation let's bring up another one that was another one yeah now this one I think is Luke 22
yeah yeah and Jesus said yeah to those who were gathered out you know the arch
priests and the soldiers and and the old and the you know elders and
um he says you came out you came out you come out like you're all ready to take down a pirate
yeah they were they were they had all the weapons if
they had chess camps that's what you see how different world history would be if we had a chess cam of the officers who
arrested Jesus in a public park with a naked kid while he was screaming I am
not a child trafficker if we had that scene guaranteed none of this none of
this would have done what it did right the accurate
transmission of evidence that's what we're looking for right out of his mouth let's pull it
out give us another bit of the Bible excellent we're going to the good stuff oh look at
this one I like this one yeah here's here's just to show you just
plain and stay the word on the left clap days that's your word for thief
the word on the right lay Stace right that's the word this is from John
that's the special word yes now Christians again
I know your instinct is to say no he
meant Thief he meant insurrectionist human thief or insurrectionist
yeah okay
he should have used the word Thief he didn't Jesus was not crucified
between two Banditos
it wasn't he was crucified with some people who were selling children
yeah and if you'll notice Barabbas when they said let Barabbas out
it said he was incarcerated he was in chained with them
not as one of them but with them it's very likely that this dude was actually
not with the gang
anywho he was preferable to Jesus who they had just caught they had just caught right
people don't realize it but there were other jesuses in jail when Jesus was arrested
he was not the only person arrested for what he was arrested for
yeah he was placed among the Pirates for your sins evangelicals he was placed
between the Pirates and that little naked boy runs off in
history having left behind his bandage that was covering his genitalia
he ran away and you and I
live in a world that worships him
yeah yeah amazing Amazing Grace
now for people who want to say he doesn't have texts that's all I'm
giving you please realize it's all I'm showing you the text right it's not me I didn't want to make
this system with Jesus I didn't want him to be this way I wasn't there when the dude got
arrested right to me this is a Cold Case
yeah but what I do love is bringing you all
that real dirt that real dirt it's gorgeous give me another quote let's do
just a couple more people need to get on with their evenings maybe watch a nice movie or something
yes um so look at what the crowd's doing they're they're shouting out right don't
right don't we don't want Barabbas right right
the one that's the lay States interesting
interesting poor barberabbas don't you feel bad for him because it's like he's
there with them right he did something wrong I don't know what it was maybe it's just in the
wrong place at the wrong time maybe it was just a bad deal gone down you know
how it is things happen people end up chained up
with a bunch of pirates it's just the way it is yeah fantastic you thought he was in a
ship didn't you no no right not yet that's what they do with the
kids this eunuch that Jesus was with right this boy that he was you know
obviously he didn't want to be there anyway right because he was like I don't want to do this right take this cop away
but my will but yours boom he's all like I'm thirsty
um he's rocking man he's on the poison he's on the juice let's look at some of the drugs here involved keep going
yeah this next one yeah yeah so this is just Barabbas this is
Barabbas with those those factions right criminal
organizations those those well I wouldn't say Mafia
because it's not like families the Romans have what's like mafias um don't be surprised but they do
um it's just back to history right powerful families rising up and controlling the finances of the
neighborhoods that's all that's all yeah they tried that in Athens
yeah didn't work power of the demon part of the neighborhood thinks so long
yeah you see what we lost we need this now more than ever
we need it love it grow the next text I want to give them I want to give them
good stuff I know there's plenty there's plenty of good stuff in here oh God yes yes yes and Jesus came into the
temple oh look this is part piracy that you may not have considered now I said this in the in the introduction
uh-huh I said this in the introduction this is Matthew by the way yeah um I
said this in the introduction that there were traffickers in the temple
traffickers in the temple yeah yeah it wasn't the Thieves Guild
for those of you evangelicals who want to make the fairy tale it was not the
Thieves Guild and it was not insurrectionists yeah the Your Glory Days history of the
smells of the crack of Josephus and Philo no
no I'm sorry it doesn't things have to meet a standard you know their standards
it's a museum it's a museum standards
right okay so let's go back to the text here we are here it comes something
boldly insulting please um yeah and he came into the temple yeah
and he threw out all of those who were who were doing what look at poluntas do
you remember what the Thracians same verb that it was using there now it
can be just be selling of anything yeah it doesn't have to be children right the verb doesn't have to be
children okay but he kicks out the sellers uh-oh and the agorad zontas the
agorads yeah those participating in the market
what are they gonna give what are they gonna what do they want here really before he kicks over those tables and
all that kind of stuff let's see the birds flying why because we buy doves
for Aphrodite there's a reason that Mary the mother of Christ
had a burning purple ooze in her vagina there's a reason it's medical it's
called it's mystery where you're getting all these terms Christ you think Christ you think Jesus
walked onto the scene and he was the Christ you think that title didn't come
from a thousand years of History my goodness people
what kind of you're willing to believe anything if you're willing to follow fairy tales this is history anthropology
we need evidence I want this guy's blood I want a sample of it I want to see what
he was on yeah fumigating go for it
yeah doing all his resurrections yeah love it yeah go ahead hit us with a source let's go and he came to the yeah
oh and he throws him out yep yep yep um um and what does he do all the doves the
obsessive and the doves oh yeah he's he stands in quotes Jesus right
he's like after his big move right he says what he
says it's written it's written and that you know I don't get anybody's attention right it's written he's got to do his
quoting law over there right it's written
my house it's a House of Prayer
prayer and you have made it
a want a space Lion of pirates is spellion what is a spay line quick
you've made my house a Spell ion of pirates give me the next this one I've
got for sure yeah blow it up there it is look at it people look at that a grotto or a cavern wait a
Grano or a camera what happens in gravos and grottos and caverns does anybody
know what you can do in a grotto Saint cyprian did
they caught him in one yeah they caught him coming right out of the cemetery
yeah yeah it was beautiful area for you know
gorgeous and he had the Venom drilling out of his bottom
with the prostitutes so cold yeah fantastic that's where we are cult wise
in history that's where we are if you were oh and I need to make one note I
meant to do this earlier for everybody who's listening now if you have not
been involved in rights that entail you becoming
drugged you have never participated in a mystery
you have no communion yes yes what you have now is a game
it is not the original yeah yeah and that's why it's so
important to you purists who want the cup of Christ right
you purists who want to come with Christ bring it bring us the next
yeah give it to me fantastic okay guys ready for this look at this verse 14 verse 15. this is
and tell us this is to chapter 2 verse 15. yeah oh you dude who's causing your
neighbor to partake in the flowing out soul and I
oh wait and to get drunk getting himself drunk getting himself methylated
whoa is woe is you yo woe was you
Olo ludzo yeah Hallelujah you heard it here hallelujah's Greek word
so Allah Allah 800 years before Hebrew even
existed fantastic let's go let's keep going I mean it's right there what does
he say what is oh that thought we got we gotta go back we gotta we gotta go back and see it I've got it at the bottom I
want people to eyeball it just so nobody said yeah you see it yeah that one what
is something that's solidos yeah look at the okay Marty found turbid
okay it's opposite to catharos which is what you do in a purification ritual
that word is just purification and in Antiquity they have rights of
purification and mystery rights are always purification rights that's why the
Baptists are baptizing you get it fantastic so
um look at number Roman numeral number two wait a minute troubled by Passion or
Madness troubled by Passion and who is that at the bottom who is that at the bottom oh
that's nakander and his theory Act and his theriac and how does he use this
word right pull it down remember in the Candor for the for the Bible scholars
and you know or whatnot who don't know these ancient sources
um nikander is a priest well and he is riding specifically about
the drugs that are used in Ritu
for the treatment of humanity it's gorgeous and he he's really cruelty
and uses orphic Vox so
um this is one of the words that he throws in there from the orphic box
I'm gonna kick you into a passion you have to be there you have to be there this is The Grotto
did anybody see that The Grotto also meant the can we go back to our Grotto
yep let's go back blow it up um did anybody see did we miss this look
the Brits almost knock it past us look at number two
this is that spell on the Grotto
yes look at number two the privy parts
privy parts
I'm gonna take you pretty parts
of the Pirates yeah and if you happen to see
young boys don't be surprised
yeah there's a reason there's a reason
yeah that group that he was with Barabbas yeah they were involved in a murder
which you know these criminal organizations always are
what is funding all of this Lasik activity pirate activity what is
funding it is the drug money thank you are you surprised
that's why we pardon Mary Magdalene for her what for what I heard one of you
say it for what for owning and or possessing sex drugs
what was the date what was the date on that prehistoric
dildo 36 000 I think it was thirty six thousand yeah something like that
um these devices go way back polished Stone
um everywhere you go with one of these Pirates there's going to be an association with an erection
think of it as universal grooming
yeah anywho look the trade is going on
in Antiquity and it will continue to go on by Jesus it has been going on for a
long time yeah and the Romans will keep trying to bat
it down right because Romans don't abide Pirates
these are not insurrectionists these are organized crime families for lack of a
better word families no you know it's it's it's the the local
um power Brokers who are getting all the money from the drug trade oh
you know how expensive the purple is remember Mary's got that in her vagina
when her midwife gives her the exam
that is in the Coptic
yeah in the Coptic love it
okay okay last couple of sources yeah yeah I I ended us here with a good yeah
go ahead look this is just a couple lines in the Candor um look at these two dirty lines right
here this is dirty nikander and I gotta tell you I just want to paint this image for you and I want to thank you so much
for spending all this time and I want to say
this is dirtiness I just brought it look I just brought it
because I knew you would appreciate ancient dirtiness this is straight up
history you can't get history like this elsewhere this is the history of the of
the dirty yeah and it comes from that priest that
Pagan priest of Apollo you mean he's an oracular priest yeah
he's one of these who operates the Mysteries now when someone tells you today if they walk up to you today and
they say to you oh I am an initiator of initiates
yeah say you're not a Mr GOG yeah
I've got a Mr Gog for you and that's what's coming through
and I need to get you to a place that you can see a priestess drugging
a person putting them into a death state
bringing them to climax Reviving them
and then chasing them around beating him
as pigs yeah that's the cult that's the mystery
that's where we go back to this game is not just convincing you in a church
you've sat in churches you've sat in synagogues right you sat in your mosque or knelt
you know you've heard the call yeah none of that
none of that has the element
of the pharmacists from the Pagan Magic right there's no magic in faith
no magic whatsoever you took Jesus a Marcus with a an orphic
title Christ and you neutered him you neutered him
you made him neither a Son of God nor a daughter he made him neither
because she took away his magic dude I'm sorry I know you don't like the
transitions I know it's tough the Watchers they're always telling me it's tough
it's tough uh-huh it is they'll figure out I tell them I don't
know maybe I'm maybe I'm wrong but I tell them they'll figure it out they'll realize that this movement from male to
female is a step up hell it's a nature thing
yeah and thank goodness it is you know what I mean you know what I mean hail Satan great Mother's a great mother what
would you want this planet billions of you Worship the Great father
who is not so great yeah kind of a misogynist douche
can I say that can I say God's a douche is that is that okay with anybody Yahoo
tell me in the comments can I say Yahoo's a douche can I do that Jesus Christ is a
rapist of children at the very least making eunuchs for the
kingdom of Heaven's Sake oh that's what we're gonna do we're gonna
take his words we're gonna take his words and we're gonna pin it on him remember he said it
you can make eunuchs one way or another he was making yeah
oh my God this is great Ron all you need is the evidence you don't have to have
theories theories are BS just look at the look at this the text the texts are
always more interesting when I see him doing the stuff guys let me just give you this since you've stuck with me so
long tonight let me just give you this as a gift oh God there is I've seen it
twice I've seen a place right this is the ritual this is the ritual
Water of Life if you ask me I can show you Water of
Life you drink it
from her
these Amazonian women that I've been talking about yeah imagine imagine
the poison in the bow that they're all using
is a poison that they have incorporated into rights
to bring you to a state of being born again
and in order to receive that you have to drink her blood
right her blood with the essence
energizing it it's a Pneumatic power that she transfers and in that power you
could imagine it the the [Music] application of the drug induces
psychosis psychosis
you know why Jesus didn't want to do it in the end right the stuff drives you nuts
we're doing the same thing in the Middle Ages it drives you nuts turns you into a
Seder tuned on the Greek side turns you into a Seder and that's what abacum is
protesting yeah imagine seven days seven days you have a slave for seven
days who can do nothing but maintain an erection and be in constant fear of you
all right that is genius that is the stroke of the
Mind of a genius woman okay now I know many people are going to say he's fine he's finally done it he
stepped Over The Line that right
that mystery ride that makes the root of your Christianity and your Judaism and
your Islam that right was created by the woman
by a single woman a mind in history
one person
you're all under her spell draw under her spell now you see
why Lady Babylon must return must return
right gorgeous oh God I love I love this
um take me to The Grotto right please somebody are you out there
right are you out there embodied within this Mortal are you out
there can you bring me to The Grotto where I may partake of the Water of Life
you know it's a purification it's a purification
remember the Thracians they don't care if they're daughters have intercourse
that's their business
and who would anyway a lot of those tribes the those daughters they have to kill three men before they can get
married yeah and by marriage I just mean you know making your making your man do his
nourishing stuff and then kicking him out if you don't like him yeah oh if it's a boy by the way adoption
[Laughter] imagine that ladies who has who has of
all you women here for all you women anybody who has the spirit of Aphrodite in them that Spirit
of Hera yeah which you know if you could do this I
mean how much do you really need that man seriously
how much in that Society how much not much
yeah you gotta kill three
I can't imagine killing one it makes us look rather weak doesn't it
it does imagine this woman right perhaps the poet was right
Mars Needs women angry red women
yeah so you can see the cult and where the lace face is coming from by the way
these these Amazonian or scythian tribes the women
um would abducts men right in groups they're always working in groups
right you see the criminal conspiracies have to congeal around groups and if
they become cultural where you just have um Pirates right who answer to no laws
but the laws of one very strong central in the bronze ages women
yeah yeah kick ass
brilliant women who finally figured out this is what I told the Watchers have
finally figured out you don't need a man [Laughter] how long how long did it take for some
group to say you know what we could do better if we
called these males right and we just propagate a line in a
very intelligent Advanced ruling women and people in the 20th century turned
that incredible historical reality into a friggin comic book
yeah you anthropologists out there you need to you need to go visit those
people um and maybe answer the question of why it
is the Athena has this child of Earth why the Virgin
grows this child of Earth aren't all of us Athenians at heart
don't we aren't we infused that passage of nikander it says it's her tooth the tooth is the
Echidna that imparts that power that drives to sexual urge
you see why you need Aphrodite you need her after all
it's fantastic it drives your Society you want to stay free
you better start worshiping Aphrodite and you better get comfortable with transition you better get comfortable
with somebody else cutting off their testicles
yeah you better you know why the Romans had no problem with that man that's all
tradition for them they're like yeah we respect the gods dude that they're doing that in to honor DK you know uh you
can't argue with that you can't you think the world is divided up into
beliefs it's not it never has been it's the fake lens that you and I have around
us from judeo-christian tradition modest tradition
yeah fantastic okay um thank you very much for uh all your
time I think that was all the goodies that that I wanted to give everybody it's been an hour nobody should be
listened to for this long um thank you I value your time tonight and I hope that we have cleared up so
that people in the comments and chat that they can finally rest to these with who this lace Stace
is um why Jesus was saying he wasn't one um that's for another day as long as you
can get a picture of that thracian child seller yeah the market is there right
the market is there and the stuff travels around the Romans are trying to stop it right always always to get you
know just the way it is okay at least we're trying to push civilization right
law civilization we're trying but remember GD is Backwater uh it's
Backwater it's uncivilized yeah it's uncivilized right this no you're not talking about
I mean Plumbing people Plumbing okay we need good Plumbing yeah we need
good Public Access that kind of stuff right we need places for those
assemblies so all those politicians can make their decisions
now you've caught me in the wrong place um have a good night thank you very much to everybody and I just want to say
um thank you to Zane Campbell once again for all the Fine Music and I hope the people are putting together the little
riddles that are hidden everywhere around us um have a nice weekend hail Satan
[Music]
[Applause]
maybe we could walk together again
just maybe we could walk together again
[Music]